README.md, before:

<div align="center">

[![Angular ZXing Scanner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3942006/61757715-28a44800-ad98-11e9-9f58-555d2f187c50.png)](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner)


### @zxing/ngx-scanner

Angular Barcode/QR-Code scanner component.

<br>

[Bug Report](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/issues/new?template=Bug_report.md)
·
[Feature Request](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/issues/new?template=Feature_request.md&labels=feature)

<br>

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zxing/ngx-scanner.svg?&label=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner )
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@zxing/ngx-scanner.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner )
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner)
[![Made with Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Angular-E13137.svg)](https://angular.io)
[![Maintainer wanted](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-help%20wanted-red)](https://npmjs.org/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner)

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/backers/badge.svg)](#backers) 
[![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)

</div>

<br>

### Attention

>NOTE: While we do not have the time to actively maintain zxing-js anymore, we are open to new maintainers taking the lead.

## Demo

> Previews needs to be opened in new standalone windows.

- [Demo](https://zxing-js.github.io/ngx-scanner/)
- [StackBlitz](https://zxing-ngx-scanner.stackblitz.io/)

_Some previews may not be fully updated, please check the version._ 😉

## How To

I promise that it's **very** easy to use:

```html
<!-- some.component.html -->
<zxing-scanner></zxing-scanner>
```

## Getting Started

[click here](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki/Getting-Started)

### Wiki

Check our nice wiki for more info: [click here to take a look!](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki)**

### Requisites

 - HTTPS for production environments ([more](https://stackoverflow.com/a/34198101/4367683)).

## Performance

Read our performance notes on the wiki: [Performance Considerations](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki/Performance-Considerations).



## Generator

Looking for a way to generate ~awesome~ QR codes? Check-out [ngx-kjua](https://github.com/werthdavid/ngx-kjua).

Want just to write QR codes on your own, try our [ZXing typescript port](https://github.com/zxing-js/library).


## Financial contributions

 We also welcome financial contributions in full transparency on our [open collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js).
 Anyone can file an expense. If the expense makes sense for the development of the community, it will be "merged" in the ledger of our open collective by the core contributors and the person who filed the expense will be reimbursed.


## Credits

And last but not less important, the credits.


### Contributors

Here goes a special thanks all our contributors. Thank you! 🖤❤️♡

[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/7)


 ### Backers

 Thank you to all our backers! [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#backer)]

 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


 ### Sponsors

 Thank you to all our sponsors! (please ask your company to also support this open source project by [becoming a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#sponsor))

 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>

---

[![Bless](https://cdn.rawgit.com/LunaGao/BlessYourCodeTag/master/tags/alpaca.svg)](http://lunagao.github.io/BlessYourCodeTag/) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/zxing-js/ngx-scanner.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Commit message:

using same major version as supported angular version

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

[![Angular ZXing Scanner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3942006/61757715-28a44800-ad98-11e9-9f58-555d2f187c50.png)](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner)


### @zxing/ngx-scanner

Angular Barcode/QR-Code scanner component.

<br>

[Bug Report](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/issues/new?template=Bug_report.md)
·
[Feature Request](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/issues/new?template=Feature_request.md&labels=feature)

<br>

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@zxing/ngx-scanner.svg?&label=npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner )
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@zxing/ngx-scanner.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner )
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner)
[![Made with Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Angular-E13137.svg)](https://angular.io)
[![Maintainer wanted](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-help%20wanted-red)](https://npmjs.org/package/@zxing/ngx-scanner)

[![Backers on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/backers/badge.svg)](#backers) 
[![Sponsors on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)

</div>

<br>

### Attention

>NOTE: While we do not have the time to actively maintain zxing-js anymore, we are open to new maintainers taking the lead.

## Demo

> Previews needs to be opened in new standalone windows.

- [Demo](https://zxing-js.github.io/ngx-scanner/)
- [StackBlitz](https://zxing-ngx-scanner.stackblitz.io/)

_Some previews may not be fully updated, please check the version._ 😉

## How To

I promise that it's **very** easy to use:

```html
<!-- some.component.html -->
<zxing-scanner></zxing-scanner>
```

## Getting Started

[click here](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki/Getting-Started)

### Angular version compatibility

Angular version compatibility table:

| Angular         | @zxing/ngx-scanner |
|-----------------|--------------------|
| 16.x.x | 3.9.1 & 16.0.0     |
| 15.x.x  | 3.9.0              |
| 14.x.x | 3.6.2              |
| 13.x.x | 3.5.0              |
| 12.x.x | 3.3.0              |
| 10.x.x  | 3.1.3              |
| 9.x.x   | 3.0.1              |
| 8.x.x   | 2.0.1              |
| 5.x.x   | 1.7.1              |
| 4.x.x   | 0.3.4              |

(Sorry for not using semver in the past, future releases will use the same major as the supported Angular version)

### Wiki

Check our nice wiki for more info: [click here to take a look!](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki)**

### Requisites

 - HTTPS for production environments ([more](https://stackoverflow.com/a/34198101/4367683)).

## Performance

Read our performance notes on the wiki: [Performance Considerations](https://github.com/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/wiki/Performance-Considerations).



## Generator

Looking for a way to generate ~awesome~ QR codes? Check-out [ngx-kjua](https://github.com/werthdavid/ngx-kjua).

Want just to write QR codes on your own, try our [ZXing typescript port](https://github.com/zxing-js/library).


## Financial contributions

 We also welcome financial contributions in full transparency on our [open collective](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js).
 Anyone can file an expense. If the expense makes sense for the development of the community, it will be "merged" in the ledger of our open collective by the core contributors and the person who filed the expense will be reimbursed.


## Credits

And last but not less important, the credits.


### Contributors

Here goes a special thanks all our contributors. Thank you! 🖤❤️♡

[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/0)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/0)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/1)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/1)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/2)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/2)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/3)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/3)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/4)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/4)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/5)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/5)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/6)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/6)[![](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/images/7)](https://sourcerer.io/fame/odahcam/zxing-js/ngx-scanner/links/7)


 ### Backers

 Thank you to all our backers! [[Become a backer](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#backer)]

 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#backers" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/backers.svg?width=890"></a>


 ### Sponsors

 Thank you to all our sponsors! (please ask your company to also support this open source project by [becoming a sponsor](https://opencollective.com/zxing-js#sponsor))

 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/0/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/0/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/1/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/1/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/2/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/2/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/3/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/3/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/4/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/4/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/5/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/5/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/6/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/6/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/7/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/7/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/8/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/8/avatar.svg"></a>
 <a href="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/9/website" target="_blank"><img src="https://opencollective.com/zxing-js/sponsor/9/avatar.svg"></a>

---

[![Bless](https://cdn.rawgit.com/LunaGao/BlessYourCodeTag/master/tags/alpaca.svg)](http://lunagao.github.io/BlessYourCodeTag/) [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/zxing-js/ngx-scanner.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
